Content(missions): Hai Legacy (#8828)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/unfettered 0 prologue.txt

		log "Factions" "Sheragi" `The Unfettered Hai say that a dragon-like species called the "Sheragi" who are long extinct used to live in human space, back when much of what is now human territory was occupied by the Hai.`

outfit "Unfettered Landing License"
	category "Licenses"
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"

> 	description "This is the license that allows you to land freely on Unfettered planets so long as you act responsibly towards them."

Reviewer: I think the licenses should be grouped together, likely in `hai outfits.txt`.

Author: good point but I think I'll delete it to make the ship itself be the license

				`	"How will my ship leave here without my jump drive?"`
			
			`	"We will give you a hyperdrive in its place," it says, "and you will be counted as our friend, so you will not need to leave here quickly, or under threat of violence." You can't help but wonder if they will try to take your ship by force if you do not agree to the deal.`

> 			`	"You will no longer recquire a license to garantee our friendship," they add.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"You will no longer require a license to garantee our friendship," they add.`
```

> 			`	"You will no longer require to keep the Ladybug in working condition to guarantee our friendship, and no longer need to pay for access to our territory," they add.`

Author: Contractions dont feel appropriate for that random Uhai to me but otherwise both work

> 			`	"By the way, you will no longer be required to keep the Anomalocaris in working condition to guarantee our friendship. Simply land on one of our worlds with it as your flagship so we can make the necessary changes," they add.`
> 				to display
> 					has "Hai Legacy 3: done"

Author: oooh it used to be about removing the license, good catch
```suggestion
			`	"Oh, and by the way, you will no longer be required to keep your Anomalocaris in working condition to guarantee our friendship," they add.`
				to display
					has "Hai Legacy 3: done"
```

		outfit "Jump Drive" -1
		outfit "Hyperdrive" 1
		payment 1000000

> 		set "license: Unfettered Landing"

Reviewer: There should be some text about giving you a license.
